docs - how to take a bounty issue (#1800)
remotion-dev/remotion: packages/docs/docs/contributing/bounty.md

---
image: /generated/articles-docs-contributing-bounty.png

> title: How to take a bounty issue

Reviewer: Consider writing it without "How to" - every title of documentation could technically start with "How to" so it's kind of a filler word for us.

sidebar_label: How to take a bounty issue
crumb: Contributing
---

> It’s nice to see community members contribute to Remotion’s code base. There are rewards for specific issues on GitHub to keep engagement high. These rewards are called bounties.

Reviewer: "To keep engagement high" sounds very boomer corporate 🙈

How about the first sentence being "Some issues carry cash bounties that you can earn by solving them."

## Find bounties

> All bounties can be tracked in Remotion’s GitHub repository under issues. Issues with a bounty have a label (💎 Bounty) on them. You can filter issues based on this bounty label to get an overview of all <a href="https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3A%22%F0%9F%92%8E+Bounty%22+sort%3Aupdated-desc">open</a> or <a href="https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/issues?q=label%3A%22%F0%9F%92%8E+Bounty%22+sort%3Aupdated-desc+is%3Aclosed">closed</a> issues. Furthermore, bounties are announced in the <a href="https://remotion.dev/discord">Remotion Discord Server</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All bounties can be tracked in Remotion’s GitHub Issues. Issues with a bounty have a label `💎 Bounty` on them. You can filter issues based on this bounty label to get an overview of all <a href="https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3A%22%F0%9F%92%8E+Bounty%22+sort%3Aupdated-desc">open</a> or <a href="https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/issues?q=label%3A%22%F0%9F%92%8E+Bounty%22+sort%3Aupdated-desc+is%3Aclosed">closed</a> issues. 

Bounties are also announced in the <a href="https://remotion.dev/discord">Remotion Discord Server</a> in the `#bounties` channel.
```

## Taking a bounty

> Initially, there is no difference to a common contribution, that has no bounty. To tackle an issue, you simply need to comment with the intention of solving that issue. For issues with bounties, the Remotion team does a quick screening to see if the experience matches the problem difficulty. In the best case, describe your approach of solving that issue when initially commenting on it. If everything looks good, you get the issue assigned. The assignment is done on a first-come-first-served basis, and only one bounty at a time is assigned to the same contributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like a regular issue, you can ask to work on it by commenting on it. For issues with bounties, the Remotion team does a quick screening to see if the experience matches the problem difficulty. In the best case, describe your approach of solving that issue when initially commenting on it. If everything looks good, you get the issue assigned. The assignment is done on a first-come-first-served basis, and only one bounty at a time is assigned to the same contributor.
```

## Before starting to solve the issue

> Bounties are paid through a third-party platform (i.e., Algora). Before you start solving the issue, it’s recommended to create an account on <a href="https://algora.io/">Algora</a>, where you also need to set up and connect your Stripe account. Once you have been assigned the issue and created an account on Algora, you are ready to go. You can start hacking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bounties are paid through a third-party platform (i.e., Algora). Before you start solving the issue, it’s recommended to create an account on <a href="https://algora.io/">Algora</a>, where you also need to set up and connect your Stripe account. Once you have been assigned the issue and created an account on Algora, you are ready to go.
```

To remove redundancy with next h2

## Start with hacking

> It's assumed that you start working on the issue right after it has been assigned to you. Getting stuck is not an issue, but you should communicate it. By telling and describing the challenges, you might get some input from the community, which can help you to solve the issue faster. If there is no communication done within one week since you started hacking, it is assumed you left the issue, and the bounty is going to be reassigned to someone else.

Reviewer: "right after" seems very vague - I think a reasonable expectation is to start working on it within a few days.

Can we also make the discussed 7 day inactivity rule a policy?

## Help during hacking

> During Hacktoberfest (i.e., October), the Remotion team provides guidance to some degree, since there is a focus on new contributors. Besides Hacktoberfest, no guidance is provided when tackling a bounty issue. Of course, questions about stylistic matters and important implementation behaviors are welcome.

Reviewer: Sounds a bit too strict for me, there is definitely guidance.

The difference is that during October, beginners are welcome while the rest of the year, people who have an idea on how to solve the issue should claim it (which might still need guidance though)
